
reference : https://blogs.oracle.com/developers/post/launching-your-own-free-private-vpn-in-the-oracle-cloud

Using username "openvpnas".
Authenticating with public key "rsa-key-20240106"
Welcome to OpenVPN Access Server Appliance 2.11.3

  System information as of Sat Jan  6 18:22:38 UTC 2024

  System load:  0.0               Processes:             113
  Usage of /:   7.7% of 44.96GB   Users logged in:       0
  Memory usage: 25%               IPv4 address for ens3: 10.10.1.2
  Swap usage:   0%

 * Introducing Expanded Security Maintenance for Applications.
   Receive updates to over 25,000 software packages with your
   Ubuntu Pro subscription. Free for personal use.

     https://ubuntu.com/pro

Expanded Security Maintenance for Applications is not enabled.

0 updates can be applied immediately.

Enable ESM Apps to receive additional future security updates.
See https://ubuntu.com/esm or run: sudo pro status


The list of available updates is more than a week old.
To check for new updates run: sudo apt update

To run a command as administrator (user "root"), use "sudo <command>".
See "man sudo_root" for details.


          OpenVPN Access Server
          Initial Configuration Tool
------------------------------------------------------
OpenVPN Access Server End User License Agreement (OpenVPN-AS EULA)

    1. Copyright Notice: OpenVPN Access Server License;
       Copyright (c) 2009-2022 OpenVPN Inc. All rights reserved.
       "OpenVPN" is a trademark of OpenVPN Inc.
    2. Redistribution of OpenVPN Access Server binary forms and related document                                                                                                             s,
       are permitted provided that redistributions of OpenVPN Access Server bina                                                                                                             ry
       forms and related documents reproduce the above copyright notice as well                                                                                                              as
       a complete copy of this EULA.
    3. You agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify,
       translate, make any attempt to discover the source code of this software,
       or create derivative works from this software.
    4. The OpenVPN Access Server is bundled with other open source software
       components, some of which fall under different licenses. By using OpenVPN
       or any of the bundled components, you agree to be bound by the conditions
       of the license for each respective component. For more information, you c                                                                                                             an
       find our complete EULA (End-User License Agreement) on our website
       (http://openvpn.net), and a copy of the EULA is also distributed with the
       Access Server in the file /usr/local/openvpn_as/license.txt.
    5. This software is provided "as is" and any expressed or implied warranties                                                                                                             ,
       including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability
       and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall
       OpenVPN Inc. be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
       special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited
       to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or
       profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of
       liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including
       negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this
       software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
    6. OpenVPN Inc. is the sole distributor of OpenVPN Access Server
       licenses. This agreement and licenses granted by it may not be assigned,
       sublicensed, or otherwise transferred by licensee without prior written
       consent of OpenVPN Inc. Any licenses violating this provision
       will be subject to revocation and deactivation, and will not be eligible
       for refunds.
    7. Subscription License Key: Entitles you to use this software for the
       duration of term of your subscription up to the concurrent user limit
       specified by your subscription. This license permits you to use the
       software on one or more servers, provided that in no event will the numbe                                                                                                             r
       of concurrent VPN connections that all servers may allow exceed the
       concurrent user limit. Upon activation of the first purchased activation
       key for this software, you agree to forego any free licenses or keys that
       were given to you for demonstration purposes, and as such, the free
       licenses will not appear after the activation of a purchased key. You are
       responsible for the timely activation of these licenses on the server or
       servers of your choice.
       Refunds on purchased activation keys are only possible within 30 days of
       purchase of activation key, and then only if the activation key has not
       already been activated on a system. To request a refund, contact us throu                                                                                                             gh
       our support ticket system using the account you have used to purchase the
       activation key. Activated subscriptions are nontransferable. Access Serve                                                                                                             r
       Subscription entitles the use of (1) subscription license key on a single
       server or across multiple servers. Once an activated key expires or becom                                                                                                             es
       invalid, the concurrency limit on our software product will revert to
       demonstration mode, which allows a maximum of two (2) concurrent users to
       be connected to your server. Prior to your subscription license expiratio                                                                                                             n,
       OpenVPN Inc. will, depending on your purchase selection, either auto-rene                                                                                                             w
       your subscription, or attempt to remind you to renew your subscription by
       sending periodic email messages to the licensee email address on record.
       You are solely responsible for the timely renewal of your activation key(                                                                                                             s)
       prior to their expiration if continued operation is expected after the
       subscription term ends. OpenVPN Inc. will not be responsible for any
       misdirected and/or undeliverable email messages, nor does it have an
       obligation to contact you regarding your subscription term's expiry.
    8. Standard Non-Subscription License Key(s) also called Fixed License Key(s)                                                                                                             :
       A Purchased Standard Non-Subscription license entitles you to use this
       software for the duration of time denoted on your activation key on any o                                                                                                             ne
       (1) particular device, up to the concurrent user limit specified by your
       license. Multiple activation keys may be activated to achieve a desired
       concurrency limit on this given device. Unless otherwise prearranged with
       OpenVPN Inc., concurrency counts on activation keys are not to be divided
       for use amongst multiple devices. Upon activation of the first purchased
       activation key in this software, you agree to forego any free licenses or
       keys that were given to you for demonstration purposes, and as such, the
       free licenses will not appear after the activation of a purchased key. Yo                                                                                                             u
       are responsible for the timely activation of these licenses on your desir                                                                                                             ed
       server of choice. Refunds on purchased activation keys are only possible
       within 30 days of purchase of activation key, and then only if the
       activation key has not already been activated on a system. To request a
       refund, contact us through our support ticket system using the account yo                                                                                                             u
       have used to purchase the activation key.
       Activating a standard Non-Subscription key ties it to the specific
       hardware/software combination that it was activated on, and activated
       activation keys are nontransferable. Substantial software and/or hardware
       changes may invalidate an activated license. In case of substantial
       software and/or hardware changes, caused by for example, but not limited                                                                                                              to
       failure and subsequent repair or alterations of (virtualized)
       hardware/software, our software product will automatically attempt to
       contact our online licensing systems to renegotiate the licensing state.                                                                                                              On
       any given activation key, you are limited to three (3) automatic
       renegotiations within the activation key lifetime. After these
       renegotiations are exhausted, the activation key is considered invalid, a                                                                                                             nd
       the activation state will be locked to the last valid system configuratio                                                                                                             n
       it was activated on. OpenVPN Inc. reserves the right to grant exceptions                                                                                                              to
       this policy for license holders under extenuating circumstances, and such
       exceptions can be requested through a ticket via the OpenVPN Access Serve                                                                                                             r
       ticketing system.
       Once an activated activation key expires or becomes invalid, the
       concurrency limit on our software product will decrease by the number of
       concurrent connections previously granted by the activation key. If all
       purchased activation key(s) have expired, the product will revert to
       demonstration mode, which allows a maximum of two (2) concurrent users to
       be connected to your server. Prior to your license expiration date(s),
       OpenVPN Inc. will attempt to remind you to renew your license(s) by sendi                                                                                                             ng
       periodic email messages to the licensee email address on record. You are
       solely responsible for the timely renewal of your activation key(s) prior
       to their expiration if continued operation is expected after the license
       expiration date(s). OpenVPN Inc. will not be responsible for any
       misdirected and/or undeliverable email messages, nor does it have an
       obligation to contact you regarding your expiring activation keys.
    9. Once an activated activation key expires or becomes invalid, the
       concurrency limit on our software product will decrease by the amount of
       concurrent connections previously granted by the activation key. If all o                                                                                                             f
       your purchased activation key(s) have expired, the product will revert to
       demonstration mode, which allows a maximum of two (2) concurrent users to
       be connected to your server. Prior to your license expiration date(s),
       OpenVPN Inc. will attempt to remind you to renew your license(s) by sendi                                                                                                             ng
       periodic email messages to the licensee email address on record. You are
       solely responsible for the timely renewal of your activation key(s) prior
       to their expiration if continued operation is expected after the license
       expiration date(s). OpenVPN Inc. will not be responsible for any
       misdirected and/or undeliverable email messages, nor does it have an
       obligation to contact you regarding your expiring activation keys.
   10. Any valid activation key holder is entitled to use our ticketing system f                                                                                                             or
       support questions or issues specifically related to the OpenVPN Access
       Server product. To file a ticket, go to our website at https://openvpn.ne                                                                                                             t/
       and sign in using the account that was registered and used to purchase th                                                                                                             e
       activation key(s). You can then access the support ticket system through
       our website and submit a support ticket. Tickets filed in the ticketing
       system are answered on a best-effort basis. OpenVPN Inc. staff reserve th                                                                                                             e
       right to limit responses to users of our demo / expired licenses, as well
       as requests that substantively deviate from the OpenVPN Access Server
       product line. Tickets related to the open source version of OpenVPN may
       not be handled here.
   11. Purchasing an activation key does not entitle you to any special rights o                                                                                                             r
       privileges, except the ones explicitly outlined in this user agreement.
       Unless otherwise arranged prior to your purchase with OpenVPN Inc.,
       software maintenance costs and terms are subject to change after your
       initial purchase without notice. In case of price decreases or special
       promotions, OpenVPN Inc. will not retrospectively apply credits or price
       adjustments toward any licenses that have already been issued. Furthermor                                                                                                             e,
       no discounts will be given for license maintenance renewals unless this i                                                                                                             s
       specified in your contract with OpenVPN Inc.

Please enter 'yes' to indicate your agreement [no]: yes

Once you provide a few initial configuration settings,
OpenVPN Access Server can be configured by accessing
its Admin Web UI using your Web browser.

Will this be the primary Access Server node?
(enter 'no' to configure as a backup or standby node)
> Press ENTER for default [yes]: yes

Please specify the network interface and IP address to be
used by the Admin Web UI:
(1) all interfaces: 0.0.0.0
(2) ens3: 10.10.1.2
Please enter the option number from the list above (1- 2).
> Press Enter for default [1]: 1

What public/private type/algorithms do you want to use for the OpenVPN CA?

Recommended choices:

rsa       - maximum compatibility
secp384r1 - elliptic curve, higher security than rsa, allows faster connection setup and smaller user profile files
showall   - shows all options including non-recommended algorithms.
> Press ENTER for default [rsa]:

What key size do you want to use for the certificates?
Key size should be between 2048 and 4096

> Press ENTER for default [ 2048 ]:

What public/private type/algorithms do you want to use for the self-signed web certificate?

Recommended choices:

rsa       - maximum compatibility
secp384r1 - elliptic curve, higher security than rsa, allows faster connection setup and smaller user profile files
showall   - shows all options including non-recommended algorithms.
> Press ENTER for default [rsa]:

What key size do you want to use for the certificates?
Key size should be between 2048 and 4096

> Press ENTER for default [ 2048 ]:

Please specify the port number for the Admin Web UI.
> Press ENTER for default [943]:

Please specify the TCP port number for the OpenVPN Daemon
> Press ENTER for default [443]:

Should client traffic be routed by default through the VPN?
> Press ENTER for default [yes]:

Should client DNS traffic be routed by default through the VPN?
> Press ENTER for default [yes]:
Admin user authentication will be  local

Private subnets detected: ['10.10.1.0/30']

Should private subnets be accessible to clients by default?
> Press ENTER for default [yes]:

To initially login to the Admin Web UI, you must use a
username and password that successfully authenticates you
with the host UNIX system (you can later modify the settings
so that RADIUS or LDAP is used for authentication instead).

You can login to the Admin Web UI as "openvpn" or specify
a different user account to use for this purpose.

Do you wish to login to the Admin UI as "openvpn"?
> Press ENTER for default [yes]:
Type a password for the 'openvpn' account (if left blank, a random password will be generated):
Confirm the password for the 'openvpn' account:

> Please specify your Activation key (or leave blank to specify later):



Initializing OpenVPN...
Removing Cluster Admin user login...
userdel "admin_c"
Writing as configuration file...
Perform sa init...
Wiping any previous userdb...
Creating default profile...
Modifying default profile...
Adding new user to userdb...
Modifying new user as superuser in userdb...
Setting password in db...
Getting hostname...
Hostname: vpn-server
Preparing web certificates...
Getting web user account...
Adding web group account...
Adding web group...
Adjusting license directory ownership...
Initializing confdb...
Initial version is not set. Setting it to 2.11.3...
Generating PAM config for openvpnas ...
Enabling service
Created symlink /etc/systemd/system/multi-user.target.wants/openvpnas.service → /lib/systemd/system/openvpnas.service.
Starting openvpnas...

NOTE: Your system clock must be correct for OpenVPN Access Server
to perform correctly.  Please ensure that your time and date
are correct on this system.

Initial Configuration Complete!

You can now continue configuring OpenVPN Access Server by
directing your Web browser to this URL:

https://10.10.1.2:943/admin

During normal operation, OpenVPN AS can be accessed via these URLs:
Admin  UI: https://10.10.1.2:943/admin
Client UI: https://10.10.1.2:943/
To login please use the "openvpn" account with  the password you specified during the setup.

See the Release Notes for this release at:
   https://openvpn.net/vpn-server-resources/release-notes/

openvpnas@vpn-server:~$
openvpnas@vpn-server:~$
openvpnas@vpn-server:~$



https://129.159.225.74/admin/

openvpn
Ente****

DEV
Vpn_darkni8
